README.md, before:

# learn-todo

Welcome to the Code Club! Here's the beginning of your very first project. Before we start, here's a few things to do first before we get started:

1. Get onboard our Slack team. This is where we can discuss anything code related or get help anytime. Ask me or send an email to **me (*AT*) patrick mann . com** and I'll get you added.
2. Make sure you have a github account and know how to make a repository. This is how we'll share code and manage your projects. Check out [this guide](https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/) if you're new to Github.

Here are also things to keep in mind:
- Stuck? Use google. There are many solutions to the problem/thing you don't know. There are many people on the internet smarter then us.
- Don't forget to ask for help on the Slack chat. And if you *know the answer*, **why not help out a bro**.
- Take things at your own pace
- Each week they'll be a basic task along with some additional challenges if you feel like stretching yourself. There are rumours that they'll be a lame prize somewhere down the line...


_____



# Week 1: 
A customer of yours is terribly unorganised and asks you to build a TO DO app to help organise their tasks.

## Goals: 
- As a user, I want to be able to create a to do list item
- As a user, I want to be able to mark a item as done

## Extension Challenges:
- Easy 		When you close the app and reopen it, the items persist
- Easy 		Set a due date for each item
- Medium 	A button to sort list by name, date due and date created
- Hard		Convert to an [Electron app](http://electron.atom.io/)

## Geting Started:
For this project, we'll be developing in a web browser. I highly recommend using Chrome and getting familiar with the [inbuilt development tools](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools).

To build this web app, you can *use anything*. However for some, you're being thrown into the deep end so I'll make some suggestions:

### 1. Use a web framework
Using a framework will make it much easier to expand out your app to be more complex over time. It also means that there is a large amount of help available online <3.
My recommendations are [Angular](https://angularjs.org/) or [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/). I personally have more experience with Angular and can give you specific assistance. For this project I recommend sticking to Angular 1.4.

### 2. Get a Good Text Editor

My personal favourites:
- Sublime Text (infinite free trial with occassional popup)
- Visual Studio Code (still in beta)

Other Recommendations:
- Notepad++
- IntelliJ 


### Using Mac/Linux?
If you are, then things are probably going to be 3x easier for managing projects. Chat to me and I can give you some specific advice.

Commit message:

Added due date, and refined some points.

README.md, after:

# learn-todo

Welcome to the Code Club! Here's the beginning of your very first project. Before we start, here's a few things to do first before we get started:

1. Get onboard our Slack team. This is where we can discuss anything code related or get help anytime. Ask me or send an email to **me (*AT*) patrick mann . com** and I'll get you added.
2. Make sure you have a github account and know how to make a repository. This is how we'll share code and manage your projects. Check out [this guide](https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/) if you're new to Github.

Here are also things to keep in mind:
- Stuck? Use google. There are many solutions to the problem/thing you don't know. There are many people on the internet smarter then us.
- Don't forget to ask for help on the Slack chat. And if you *know the answer*, **why not help out a bro**.
- Take things at your own pace, while competition is good *respect that we are all at different levels*.
- Each week they'll be a basic task along with some additional challenges if you feel like stretching yourself. There are rumours that they'll be a lame prize somewhere down the line...


_____



# Week 1: 
A customer of yours is terribly unorganised and asks you to build a TO DO app to help organise their tasks.

## Goals: 
- As a user, I want to be able to create a to do list item
- As a user, I want to be able to mark a item as done

## Extension Challenges:
- Easy 		When you close the app and reopen it, the items persist
- Easy 		Set a due date for each item
- Medium 	A button to sort list by name, date due and date created
- Hard		Convert to an [Electron app](http://electron.atom.io/)

## Geting Started:
For this project, *we'll be developing in a web browser with HTML and Javascript*. I highly recommend using Chrome and getting familiar with the [inbuilt development tools](https://developer.chrome.com/devtools).

To build this web app, you can *use anything*. However for some, you're being thrown into the deep end so I'll make some suggestions:

### 1. Use a web framework
Using a framework will make it much easier to expand out your app to be more complex over time. It also means that there is a large amount of help available online <3.
My recommendations are [Angular](https://angularjs.org/) or [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/). I personally have more experience with Angular and can give you specific assistance. For this project I recommend sticking to Angular 1.4.

### 2. Get a Good Text Editor

My personal favourites:
- Sublime Text (infinite free trial with occassional popup)
- Visual Studio Code (still in beta)

Other Recommendations:
- Notepad++
- IntelliJ 


## Due Date
If you are, then things are probably going to be 3x easier for managing projects. Chat to me and I can give you some specific advice.
